.\" Copyright (C) 2019 Tokikazu Ohya (toki.ohya@gmail.com)
.\" Manpage for cbeacon.
.\" https://github.com/sgrastar24/cbeacon
.
.TH "CBEACON" "1" "January 2019" " " "User Commands"

.SH "NAME"
\fBcbeacon\fR \- iBeacon transmitter program

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBcbeacon\fR [\fB\-\-time\fR \fIduration\fR] {Proximity UUID} {Major} {Minor}

.br
\fBcbeacon\fR \fB\-\-version\fR

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
cbeacon is a command line program that transmits iBeacon advertisements.
iBeacon technology uses Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE).

You must turn on Bluetooth on your machine when running this program.
If Bluetooth is OFF, the program will display a message asking you to turn it on.Then the program will end if it does not turn on in 10 seconds. 

The required arguments are Proximity UUID, Major and Minor.

.SH "ARGUMENTS"

.TP
Proximity UUID
This argument is case insensitive.

.TP
Major, Minor 
These are 16 bits long number and range from 0 to 65535.
These number is preceded by 0x is hexadecimal, preceded by a 0 is octal, and preceded by 0b is binary number.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
--time \fIduration\fR
Duration time for transmission in seconds. The default is 5 seconds.

.TP
--version
Print the version number and exit.

.SH "NOTES"
This program requires macOS 10.12 or greater.
.br
Measured Power of iBeacon is fixed at -68 dBm.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
The cbeacon program exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs.

.SH "EXAMPLE"
Transmits advertisements of Major 100 and Minor 200 for 30 seconds.
.RS
.PP
cbeacon -t 30 550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000 100 0xC8
.RE

.SH "BUGS"
See issues on GitHub:
.br
\fIhttps://github.com/sgrastar24/cbeacon\fR
